
#Huawei Cloud FPGA - FAQs

[切换到中文版](./FAQs_cn.md)

[Overview](#Overview) 

[Application Marketplace](#Application Market)

[Development Language](#Development Language)

[FPGA  FAQs](#fpga)

[FPGA Shell FAQs](#fpga shell) 

[Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting)

[High-Risk Operations](#High-Risk Operations)


##Overview

**Q: What Is HDK?**

HDK is short for Hardware Development Kit. The HDK provides all designs and scripts for RTL (Verilog/VHDL) designing, verifying, and building.

**Q: What Is SDK?**

SDK is short for Software Development Kit. The SDK provides FPGA example running environment, drivers, tools, and applications.


##Application Market
**Q: What is Huawei Cloud FPGA Marketplace?**

FPGA developers can share or sell their AEI files to other FPGA users on the Huawei Cloud FPGA Marketplace. 


##Development Language
**Q: What development languages does Huawei Cloud FPGA support?**

The C language is used for development.


## FPGA
**Q: What is the FPGA model used by Huawei Cloud FPGA?**

Huawei Cloud FPGA currently uses Xilinx UltraScale+ series xcvu5p-flva2104-2-i cards.


## FPGA Shell
**Q: What is Shell?**

Shell is the static logic provided by the HDK, including peripheral interfaces such as PCIe and DDR4.

**Q: Does Shell use AXI4 as its interface protocol?**

Not exactly. Shell interfaces currently use the AXI4, AXI4-Stream, and AXI4-Lite protocols to process different types of data.

##Troubleshooting

**Q: The license cache files generated by Vivado have security risks. What Do I Do?**

Xilinx's FPGA design tool Vivado checks the license and generates cache files in the following directories:
`/tmp/FLEXnet/` 
`/usr/local/share/macrovision/storage/`
`/usr/local/share/macrovision/storage/FLEXnet`
The cache files have the global write permission. Therefore, the data can be modified and damaged by any user in the system, which may damage the system.

**Solutions:** These files are used only when Vivado checks the license, and are generated each time they are used. You are advised to manually write scripts to delete all files in the preceding three directories each time you use Vivado. Deleting these files does not affect Vivado.

**Q: How can I design high-performance and high-quality code?**

For details about the FPGA development of the general-purpose architecture, see the SDAccel Environment Profiling and Optimization Guide (https://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2017_4/ug1207-sdaccel-optimization-guide.pdf).


##High-Risk Operations

**Q: When I pressed Ctrl+C during the execution of xbsk test in OCL SDK, xbsk test failed to be executed again. What do I do?**

This operation is prohibited. If you have performed this operation, reinstall the XDMA driver to rectify the fault.

**Q: When I pressed Ctrl+C during the example execution in OCL SDK, the example failed to be executed again. What do I do?**

This operation is prohibited. If you have performed this operation, use FpgaCmdEntry to manually load the example again to rectify the fault.





